BD-3445 Add list of security events that are reported (#8045)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/app_settings/company_settings/security_settings.md

### Resetting user authentication

> Users experiencing issues logging in with two-factor authentication can reach out to their company administrators to reset their two-factor authentication. To do this, have an administrator perform the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users experiencing issues logging in with two-factor authentication can contact their company administrators to reset their two-factor authentication. To do this, have an administrator perform the following steps:
```

| Message send | message_extras | Several event types contain a message_extras field. The preference applies to all message send event types that support message_extras, including event types added in the future. |

> {% alert important %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert important %}
```
Thoughts on updating this to a warning alert? 🤔
